it's been a while since we had one of
these talks it wasn't that long ago we
were fighting just to stay alive but
it's not like that we build it we're
growing still ready to deal with this
world on its own time we're all gonna
pitch in and make sure that sanctuary
has what it needs so y'all can get back
on your feet
bless you realize
no matter what happens
it's human nature to come together
that's a real pretty picture you paint
their ring when do I get to see him
don't you ever get tired the bad thing
like you're still in charge
do you know when were fighting to save
yours you told me that soon you'd be the
one to follow and me but you didn't
because I wasn't someone to follow that
changes now do you think you got all
this off lock we need to start talking
about making some rules an agreement
between all the communities like this is
how we treat each other and this is what
happens when we don't
Darrell stop that small group we had
back in the beginning
he could do anything
that was right
just don't feel right
it's on us figure out how to make it
work we don't know how we're gonna
forgive each other Rick
if they can even move on
I just wanted to pull that trigger
and it before it begins
[Applause]
[Music]
when it finally goes to [ __ ]
and there we'll make sure you come back
and you tell me all about that date
[Music]
[Applause]
it's about all of us together keep doing
that they'll see we're all on the same
side
[Music]
[Applause]
we own same salary who you tell me
who were you before before all this I
was a music teacher where two tables at
a truck stop she says she was a
journalist but she's just being modest
and who are you now
you